So in a red flag processing skill, I would like to add some mechanism to apply or consider the changes that were applied and assess the opportunity of improving the generation compiled file based on my comments and instructions. If there are any needed, you can propose a few chunks or what can be changed in the file so that these issues that I have manually addressed with a red flag and comment in square brackets so that they do not appear anymore in the future. This is this kind of mechanics. So you, after the web edit pipeline skill has filed, you propose some additions into the compiled file. If I approve them, you can approve one chunk and disapprove the other so you might come up with a few chunks and I approve some of them.

Afterwards, you apply the chunks to .compiled file, not to the actual core files. And because this way your context will be clear and you do not need to think how the files are, how the compile file is generated from which files. And after that, in context compiler, it's either plugin/ or a system/, I don't remember. I think I have put it in a plugin/. So in the plugin of context compiler, you have the opportunity to reverse compile the file after the chunks are applicable. So in the compiler, we can trigger the process of, I don't remember how it's called, reverse propagation or something like that. But there is a mechanism that can apply the changes to the main compile file into its parts that compose it or that comprise it. So that is one thing. So basically assess the manual inputs in squared brackets, consider how it happened, and trying to prevent that in the future through modifying the files that generate the context file. So this is the context file. Using the infrastructure of context compiler and reverse propagation. So this is one thing. So this is one thing.

Another thing, which is a different task, but to consider the necessity and the opportunity to leave logging within cards themselves. So for example, in our Spanish deck we are using production card type, you can check that via Anki MCB, and we are using close card. And I am considering maybe adding another field there, or I don't remember, yeah, those are essentially database tables and that would be a good one. Adding a field like we have in production, we have a hint and we have interesting facts. So I was thinking maybe add some meta field that will not be displayed, not for, not in, will not be visible normally , but will be something like a log. And for example, when a card is created, the entry is populated, the log in the card is populated with creation, and from which string the card was created. And for example, when that edit file was, when the edit skill was applied and the card was modified, you can add the entry of what command and what did it change in the card. So transitions or which field to which field to which field . I am not sure whether maybe Anki already has some history, I didn't check that. But I am considering that this kind of mechanics could be useful if in the future I would assess my progress and reconsider how do I work and maybe create some bootstra pping, like reducing the existing deck to improve it if my knowledge or technology becomes better. So I could apply some improvements because I would have some metadata of how things were changing. I could also reverse them back without a backup, but basically I think I could have extended capabilities. Also on this I would rather prefer you think first and then tell me something.
